I HAVE TO FULFILL MY DREAMS HIP-HOP LIFE I HAVE
TODAY I LIFTED UP AND I ASKED A QUESTION
WHAT IS THE REASON TO BE AN ARTIST AND WITHOUT DUDAAAAA
I HAVE REALIZED THAT FEELINGS DO NOT HIDE
MUCH LESS THAN WHEN WE ARE THE CURE
WE DELIVER MEDICINE WITH MUSIC
WHAT YOU KNOW AND NOW NOW YOUR LISTENING
WHY I KEEP IT AND NOW YOU ENJOY IT
WHY LIFE CONTINUES AND I CONTINUE IN THE FIGHT
I CAN NOT DENY IT BECAUSE IT WOULD NOT BE CORRECT
THAT I ALSO DREAM OF ARRIVING BY FLYING TO HEAVEN
WHY I WANT TO BE LIKE THE EAGLE IN THE WIND
AND NEXT TO YOURSELF, TO TRAVEL THE WHOLE WORLD
I HAVE TO FULFILL MY DREAMS HIP-HOP LIFE I HAVE
THIS IS THE REASON AND THE FLUID THAT I HAVE
YOU KNOW THAT ALTHOUGH IT IS DIFFICULT I SUPPORT IT NOW
WILLING, AWAKE, ALERT TO DO WHAT BOTH EFFORT
HE WANTED TO RECEIVE SINCE A LONG TIME
CONTEMPLO, ANHELO, REFLEJO, BREAKING THE WALLS
JUMPING THE CHARCOS ACHIEVING A SHIELD
DRAWING THE BAD ROADS LEAVING APUROS
THINKING ABOUT MATTERS THAT HAVE TO SEE
WITH PRESENT PAST AND FUTURE ARTIST FORMED OF GOOD PRINCIPLES
TALENT IS SAFE TASTE OF YOUR FEELINGS
THAT TODAY RETURNS MORE SINCERE
SLEEP DREAM WITH ARRIVING BY FLYING TO HEAVEN
WHY I WANT TO BE LIKE THE EAGLE IN THE WIND
AND NEXT TO YOURSELF, TO TRAVEL THE WHOLE WORLD
I HAVE TO FULFILL MY DREAMS HIP-HOP LIFE I HAVE
AND I AM BEING AN ARTIST AND I KNOW THAT FOR SEVERAL YEARS
I CAIGO RESTCITO COLLECTION AND I LIFT ME
EVEN IF MY FAMILY DOES NOT LIKE WHAT I DO DAILY
I AM GIVING IT ALL IN MY SCENARIO
I WILL CONTINUE WITH MY WAY TO FIGHT UNTIL THE END
NEXT YOURS YOU CAN NOT STOP ME
THOSE WHO CAN NOT SEE ME CAN HEAR ME
AND THOSE WHO DO NOT LISTEN TO ME CAN BE OBSERVED
I WILL CONTINUE WITH MY WAY TO FIGHT UNTIL THE END
NEXT YOURS YOU CAN NOT STOP ME
THOSE WHO CAN NOT SEE ME CAN HEAR ME
AND THOSE WHO DO NOT LISTEN TO ME CAN BE OBSERVED
I HAVE TO FULFILL MY DREAMS HIP-HOP LIFE I HAVE